README.md, before:

# Nsp's chess pieces
Minimalistic chess set, including 5D-specific pieces

## List of Pieces

![pieces_resize](https://github.com/Nullsp4ce/chess-pieces/assets/36662849/b415d520-9c41-4c49-aa86-d71c87b2b563)

in reading order, with corresponding notation: 

#### Standard (top)

- Pawn (P)
- Knight (N)
- Bishop (B)
- Rook (R)
- Queen (Q)
- King (K)

#### 5D-specific (bottom)

- Brawn (W; pawn with more 'diagonal' moves)
- Unicorn (U; moves 'triagonally')
- Dragon (D; moves 'quadragonally')
- Princess (S; bishop + rook, but not unicorn and dragon)
- Royal queen (Y)
- Common king (C; a non-royal piece with king's movability)

## Files & Usage

- `pieces.png` includes `PNBRQK/WUDSYC` in a format used by 5D Chess client.
- To use in 5D Chess, locate the game's local file folder (In Steam, Settings button for the game > `Manage` > `Browse Local Files`),
  rename the original `pieces.png` to something else and put the file into the folder.
  You should not change the file's name, dimension and color mode.
- License: CC BY-SA 4.0

## Design

This piece set is inspired by 'Shapes' piece set used in lichess.

Instead of pieces pointing to where they could go, here they face the direction with their edges.
Coupled with more solid insides, this builds smooth motion when animated (IMO). Mainly affects R/B/princess.

Rook + bishop produces a 2D queen (a princess), and 5D queen is modified from it to reflect the possibilities.

Knight, unicorn and dragon has different tails, and unicorn/dragon's tail matches the amount of dimensions they use at once.

![dragon](https://github.com/Nullsp4ce/chess-pieces/assets/36662849/bcb5d433-9113-4d37-b416-a0654096e3b5)

Or does the dragon look like a dragon?

## Acknowledgements

For 5D pieces and notation, see also [adri326/5dchess-notation](https://github.com/adri326/5dchess-notation#moves)

Also check out [CrazyPenguin's Set](https://github.com/CrazyPenguin0111/CrazyPenguins-5D-Chess-Set/tree/main)!

Got it work in the client by the help from the 5D Chess Community <3

Commit message:

org: move current file as 'minimal' theme

README.md, after:

# Nsp's chess pieces

Here I drawed various chess iconsets, standard and 5D-specific pieces.

## List of Pieces

![pieces_resize](https://github.com/Nullsp4ce/chess-pieces/assets/36662849/b415d520-9c41-4c49-aa86-d71c87b2b563)

Shown is an example of iconset file.

The pieces and their corresponding notations are:

#### Standard (top)

- Pawn (P)
- Knight (N)
- Bishop (B)
- Rook (R)
- Queen (Q)
- King (K)

#### 5D-specific (bottom)

- Brawn (W; pawn with more 'diagonal' moves)
- Unicorn (U; moves 'triagonally')
- Dragon (D; moves 'quadragonally')
- Princess (S; bishop + rook, but not unicorn and dragon)
- Royal queen (Y)
- Common king (C; a non-royal piece with king's movability)

## Files & Usage

- `pieces.png` includes `PNBRQK/WUDSYC` in a format used by 5D Chess client.
- To use in 5D Chess, locate the game's local file folder (In Steam, Settings button for the game > `Manage` > `Browse Local Files`),
  rename the original `pieces.png` to something else and put the file into the folder.
  You should not change the file's name, dimension and color mode.
- License: CC BY-SA 4.0

## Acknowledgements

For 5D pieces and notation, see also [adri326/5dchess-notation](https://github.com/adri326/5dchess-notation#moves)

Also check out [CrazyPenguin's Set](https://github.com/CrazyPenguin0111/CrazyPenguins-5D-Chess-Set/tree/main)!

Got it work in the client by the help from the 5D Chess Community <3
